oh good day everybody yours truly
Steve eight nine ten nine blog today we
got coming to you live from the basement
of my house my messy is Frigg frigging
basement holy shit such a mess down here
god damn it the hell anyways today I'll
show you what I got
this is a Schwinn missile FS electric
scooter picked up today from the guy in
bemis for a hundred bucks no battery
needs two two batteries underneath this
plate here I have tested it I didn't get
the motor to turn out long spin but at
least got this green light to light up
so I know that it's like fuses aren't
burnt out or no that shit so should be
good overall it's in really nice shape
seriously a rear end here and I forget
how many how many volts the motor is
here it's got a little guard on it and
stuff it's pretty nice I just loop the
chain with some wd-40 and stuff kind of
clean her up a little bit
I love these uh his old scooters or the
scooters uh I love these things
well tongue-tied you used to have one
I had a black one same type of scooter
it was black and then it fell apart
because I beat the crap out of it beat
the shit out of the thing
I used to go romping every day after
school I could get a go a good couple
miles on it without you know I bogging
too bad and then obviously when I came
home she was a little little low on
yellow and I come to the charger which
I've just kind of rolled up for now once
I get some batteries it's got a hoard of
batteries on eBay
there's two of them I forget like what
they're called and stuff but yeah I got
to find a manual for it and stuff so I
can figure out what kind of batteries it
takes and all that stuff fuckin dryer
off sounds like an out go for free sake
but um yeah this is the Schwinn missile
FS it's pretty pretty springy it's got a
kick-ass spring in the rear end there
that's why I like this thing it's got
shocks on it it's not stupid and rigid
like the new scooters I don't even look
fucking shocks on them really I think
they've I think they have a new line of
these scooters they call them ease ifs
or whatever the fuck it was just dumb
Jesus I mean these have it I've heard
people say oh they fall apart in shit
and blah blah blah I'm missing that yeah
maybe so but you know you just gotta
nota fixham goddammit yeah Rick shakes
the throttle works alright no stickiness
I just actually gave her a little
polishing with the dremel my spinny bet
there may be a call it a thing the
polishing wheel buffer never the hell
some wd-40 on that real smooth rust free
cuz there was some rust up there on the
top and move these brake brake cable
doing things here they were way down
here so I took my allen wrench and just
put them up here just to my specs the
way I like it
this thing that looks like it's barely
hard barely used if I can get her up
under one oh I was a walk and a half
three six look underneath here oh yeah
this thing was barely used like I mean
there's some wear underneath it but
that's about it
well there's your motor specs I think
it's an X Y I can't focus you bastard
come on I don't know if you can read
that but it says model XY XY d 6b
voltage 24 volts DC fire 50 watt motor
oh no oh there we go
Oh cornflakes oh yeah I keep her inside
so
cuz it's shitty oh so that's where the
tractor steak obviously can't bring
charges inside so bad that'd be awesome
if I could but no picking up so yeah
let's see
Schwinn missile FS uh-huh I'll keep you
guys updated and maybe do a little romp
and once it's up and running here and
the weather gets a lot nicer I don't
really want to take it out from the
weather I used to take that my other old
black scooter a little the rain and
stuff and then fuck it up pretty bad so
yeah I don't do that anymore so yeah
thanks for watching and yeah we'll talk
at you later tubes see you later